hey guys what's going on welcome to a
collectibles guide for chapter 6 the for
second in thief for a thief 2014 soham
we are at an asylum which is a honestly
a bit of a spooky environment but so the
six collectibles in this chapter and the
first one is why outside the asylum and
it is a plaque on the wall to the left
of the main entrance and you need a
wrench to get plaques off walls so we
should already have a wrench from the
previous chapter because that one
required a wrench as well so come inside
and upstairs to the left there is a
swing door come through this left
swindle and to this boom and you'll need
NM a rope arrow head chute left little
light thing then slide down by hold an X
on PC and yeah the collectible will be
on top of these pipes here so continue
on until you come to the male wing I
think it's a male wing over the asylum
and there will be a broken picture on
the wall right in front of you like at
the far end and so we'll need to come
into this room and pick lock the door
and then we'll have to look through the
spy hole and then then we can just get
the picture by coming out of the room
a fine piece so quiet way into the rest
of the mission you will come to this
executions like this electric chair
place at night and there will be a
collectible in a safe back to the vital
two of them this corridor gone even
deeper a little bit careful that was
well Custer awesome Mike survivors are
still around and they are hostile so
punching the the combination which is
713 I think 731 maybe and so yeah he
kind of a saw me inside attacking me so
we gotta be careful of these guys but no
problem for you at home you know and
then there is why they're fine is there
a collectible
so come right down to this part of the
mission where you see all these gremlins
I'm not even sure they are like alien
solve species I just one straight
through this area and jump over the
fence then climb up to this place its
platform you'll need another web arrow
to shoot and then you can just swing
across both of them and the collectible
will be in the cage the eye so robotic I
think mechanical I'm sure to say then
the final collectible will be down here
and to the left and you've got to be
careful cost that is another gremlin
thing right there who saw me last two
times pick 3 collectible up and that is
it so hope this helped under thank you
for watching